# Words of the Day

***Challenge** Write a short story in 2019, serialised into concise,
weekly instalments, where each episode must contain the previous seven
Words of the Day from [Dictionary.com](https://www.dictionary.com).*

Copyright Â© 2019 Christopher Harrison\
Licensed under CC BY-NC-ND 4.0 International

---

**6.1** I slurped at my tea during
[elevenses](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/03/) in the
bleak room. Someone had changed the R to an L one day; it gave us cause
to smile, until we realised there was one fewer mug.

"There will be no more biscuits!", we were told.

These [neoteric](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/02/)
times of austerity and healthy-eating meant one had to
[noodle](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/04/) their own
solution. I brought my own biscuits from home. I dunked one in my tea,
perhaps to
[auspicate](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/01/) in my
mind's eye for a better tomorrow. Maybe I'd get fired. Maybe the
government would collapse. Maybe I'd get chocolate digestives, next
time. At least they gave us milk; a
[douceur](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/05/) of a
concession to keep us compliant. It was a
[palladium](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/06/) to
them, of course, what with the rumours of unrest percolating from the
quarters that didn't even get hot water.

**13.1** The topic of idle conversation inevitably depreciated to
Mismatch Island, the latest hit reality show to expose the
[labyrinthine](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/08/)
spectrum of human misery. Like an
[iceblink](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/12/)
signalling unsafe passage to a ship's captain, it had become an allegory
on society for the ruling classes; a tie-breaker to their question,
"Should we just
[terraform](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/11/) Mars
and leave them to it?"

"Did anyone see Misfit Island, last night?", asked Danny, with a
[pawky](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/09/) grin.

Nobody liked Danny, but he wasn't wrong. In this latest episode, having
[caromed](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/13/) from an
earlier defeat in the pickled egg eating contest, Jez, the leader of the
opposition, ultimately lost the people's vote. Each departure cues the
[impresario](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/10/)'s
welcome to the next islander: an ex-suicide bomber who, for legal
reasons, we'll call "Jack from Essex" (they're all called "Jack from
Essex").
[Salvific](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/07/), he
joined bouncy castle attendant Sandra, from Bradford. Hashtag explosive!

**20.1** "Oi oi!", came the
[phatic](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/14/)
pronouncement, as "Jack from Essex" strode onto set.

This, of late, had become a trigger for me. I swear to God, if I hear it
on the street, I can only
[ratiocinate](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/15/) that
I'll punch its speaker squarely in the face before breaking down into
uncontrollable tears. I digress. After the
[perfunctory](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/18/)
introductions were done with, this pair of
[gadabouts](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/17/) upped
the ante of conversation to the dizzying heights of what could be
generously described as their careers.

"So what do you, like, do?", asked "Jack from Essex".

"I own my own business.", came Sandra's
[altiloquent](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/20/)
response.

"Oh wow, that's sick, babe! Doing what?"

"Events and entertainment management, mostly.", Sandra's delusion was
palpable. "I've had some really high-end clients: celebrities,
[freegans](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/19/),
illuminati, you name it!"

"Nice! So you must make a mint?"

Sandra quickly changed the subject, "So what about you?"

"Well, I'm kind of between jobs, at the minute. I quit my last one."

"Why's that?"

"I didn't like the commute."

As was the nature of the show, it would just be a matter of time before
our hapless heroes were meshed together, legs -- and everything
in-between --
[akimbo](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/16/), for all
to gawk at. It wouldn't last, of course, but who needs love when you've
got ratings?

"I'll tell you what, though: Sandra is proper fit!", Danny interrupted
my soliloquy. Did I mention he's a prick?
