# Words of the Day

***Challenge**  Write a short story in 2019, serialised into very short,
weekly instalments, where each episode must contain the previous seven
Words of the Day from [Dictionary.com](https://www.dictionary.com).*

---

**6.1** I slurped at my tea during
[elevenses](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/03) in the
bleak room. Someone had changed the R to an L one day; it gave us cause
to smile, until we realised there was one fewer mug. "There will be no
more biscuits!", we were told. These
[neoteric](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/02) times of
austerity and healthy-eating meant one had to
[noodle](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/04) their own
solution. I brought my own biscuits from home. I dunked one in my tea,
perhaps to
[auspicate](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/01) in my
mind's eye for a better tomorrow. Maybe I'd get fired. Maybe the
government would collapse. Maybe I'll get chocolate digestives, next
time. At least they gave us milk; a
[douceur](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/05) of a
concession to keep us compliant. It was a
[palladium](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/06) to them,
of course, what with the rumours of unrest percolating from the quarters
that didn't even get hot water.

**13.1** The topic of idle conversation inevitably depreciated to
Mismatch Island, the latest hit reality show to expose the
[labyrinthine](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/08)
spectrum of human misery. Like an
[iceblink](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/12)
signalling unsafe passage to a ship's captain, it had become an allegory
on society for the ruling classes; a tie-breaker to their question,
"Should we just
[terraform](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/11) Mars and
leave them to it?"

"Did anyone see Misfit Island, last night?" asked Danny, with a
[pawky](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/09) grin.

Nobody liked Danny, but he wasn't wrong. In this latest episode, having
[caromed](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/13) from an
earlier defeat in the pickled egg eating contest, Jez, the leader of the
opposition, ultimately lost the people's vote. Each departure cues the
[impresario](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/10)'s
welcome to the next islander: an ex-suicide bomber who, for legal
reasons, let's call "Jack from Essex" (they're all called "Jack from
Essex"). [Salvific](https://www.dictionary.com/wordoftheday/2019/01/07),
he joined bouncy castle attendant Sandra, from Bradford. Hashtag
explosive!
